How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

It helped in that i could quickly find text that had changed in a file. Text that did not change was ignored. 

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

It will allow you to do a lot more changes to your code and not have to worry about creating a big mess because you can revert back to your code before the changes. Without this you might not take the risk and therefore be less efficiet. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

cons : Developers will probably have slightly differing views on what amount of logical code changes makes it a good point for a commit. In some cases it might be quite extreme. 
Pro's . Developers can choose a commit point that makes sense , logically and will likely leave the code in a running state if compiled, whereas with automatic commits , the commits will often commit the code in a state where it is not runnable. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Because in coding ,as talked about in the video a lot of coding files are dependant on each other, changes in one file need to be in line with changes in other files , if the software is going to run without errors

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
git log will show you all the commits in the repositlry showing the newest first, git diff commitNameOld commitNameNew will show you the changes for those two specific logs

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Because you know if you break something it's trivial using git to go back to a previous working version of your code. 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
Managing my source code 